One afternoon, a few years ago, I was taking a walk through the suburbs of my hometown with some friends. We walked into a large department store that was having a going-out-of-business sale, 50% off everything. I contemplated buying a cheap childrens' keyboard, thinking I might get some interesting sounds out of it, but ended up deciding that, even at half price, I was most likely not gonna use it enough to make it worth the money (looking back, I was probably wrong, but I couldn't have known – and you know what? I can't regret making a financially responsible decision). I tried on a couple of funny hats, picked up some AA batteries (can't remember what I needed them for), and just before we left, in the second to last corridor, a small object caught my attention. It was a paperweight: a white stone, with a black gecko lying on top of it. Under the gecko, painted on the side of the stone, were the words "GECKO GOOD LUCK". I laughed about it with my friends. "What a strange little thing. Who would buy this?" – as is turns out, I would. It cost me 25 cents (50% off from the original price of 50 cents). I put it in my right coat pocket as we left the store. Later, as I arrived home, I put my hand in my pocket and found it wasn't there. It must have fallen out somewhere, I thought. I wasn't too upset.
A year or so later, again in my hometown, I was walking home. It was dusk, and I passed through the public gardens. At the gate, a busker was beginning to play a Bob Dylan song (I didn't know it was a Bob Dylan song at the time, but I remember thinking the lyrics were fitting to the moment: "they sat together in the park, as the evening sky grew dark"). I stuck around until the end of the song, and dropped a coin into his cup. He thanked me and said "Here's something in return" as he reached into a bag. I began to say something like "There's no need", but stopped when I saw what he was holding. The gecko! The same gecko, on the same stone, with the same words painted on it. GECKO GOOD LUCK.
I thanked him, and took it, and went on my way. I put it in my backpack this time.
